# Create a Reading Notes Repo

###### Readings
# Getting Started


# Compose a short poem describing how HTTP sends data between computers.

# Describe how HTML, CSS, and JS files are “parsed” in the browser.

# How can you find images to add to a Website?

# How do you create a String vs a Number in JavaScript?

# What is a Variable and why are they important in JavaScript? 



# What is an HTML attribute?

# Describe the Anatomy of an HTMl element.

# What is the Difference between <article> and <section> element tags?

# What Elements does a “typical” website include?

# How does metadata influence Search Engine Optimization?

# How is the <meta> HTML tag used when specifying metadata?



[How the Web Works.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/How_the_Web_works)

[Website Design and Process.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/How_the_Web_works)

[JavaScript basics](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Getting_started_with_the_web/JavaScript_basics)


 Compose a short poem describing how HTTP sends data between computers.
Describe how HTML, CSS, and JS files are “parsed” in the browser.
How can you find images to add to a Website?
How do you create a String vs a Number in JavaScript?
What is a Variable and why are they important in JavaScript?

# Introduction to HTML
[Getting started with HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Getting_started)

[Document and website structure](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Document_and_website_structure)

[What's in the head? Metadata in HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/The_head_metadata_in_HTML)

[How to start to design a Website.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Design_and_accessibility/Thinking_before_coding)

# Miscellaneous

# How to start to design a Website.
This article covers the all-important first step of every project: define what you want to accomplish with it.

# What is the first step to designing a Website?
Step 1: Get a domain name and URL. It's important to choose a good domain name. ...
Step 2: Set up an email address to match your domain name. ...
Step 3: Find a web hosting company. ...
Step 4: Design your website. ...
Step 5: Build your website. ...
Step 6: Add and manage your website content. ...
Step 7: Publish your website.

# What is the most important question to answer when designing a Website?

# Semantics.

Why should you use an <h1> element over a <span> element to display a top level heading?

What are the benefits of using semantic tags in our HTML?
What is JavaScript?

# What is JavaScript?

Describe 2 things that require JavaScript in the Browser?

How can you add JavaScript to an HTML document?



