[reading-notes](https://danielquilo.github.io/readings-notes-v1/code-201/201class-10)

 

# Class 201 - 10 - Debugging

## Reading

### What Went Wrong? Troubleshooting JavaScript

[What Went Wrong](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/First_steps/What_went_wrong)

1. Name some key differences between a Syntax Error and a Logic Error.  

- Syntax errors: These are spelling or punctuation errors in your code that actually cause the program not to run.

- Logic errors: These are errors where the syntax is actually correct, but the code is not what you intended it to be, meaning that the program runs incorrectly.

2. List a few types of errors that you have encountered in past lab assignments and explain how you were able to correct them.  

- Using wrong punctuation.
- Use brackets instead curly brackets

3. How will this topic continue to influence your long term goals?  

It is the hardest part of coding and very important to learn different ways to debug your code.  

### The JavaScript Debugger

[The JavaScript Debugger](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Common_questions/Tools_and_setup/What_are_browser_developer_tools#the_javascript_debugger)  

1. How would you describe the JavaScript Debugger tool and how it works to someone just starting out in software development?  

It's amazing, we can debug HTML, CSS and Javascript using the inspector, especially using Elements for HTML, Styles for CSS and Console for Javascript.

2. Define what a breakpoint is.  

The breakpoint is used to set the point in your code where you want to pause execution and identify the problems that prevent your code from executing properly.

3. What is the call stack?  

The Call stack section shows you what code was executed to get to the current line. You can see that the code is in the function that handles a mouse click, and that the code is currently paused on the breakpoint.

[Debugging HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Debugging_HTML)

[Debugging CSS](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Building_blocks/Debugging_CSS)

## Things I want to know more about

You just need to practice this debugging tool

 