# Readings: Images, Color, Text

[HTML Media](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding)
[Using Images In HTML.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Multimedia_and_embedding/Images_in_HTML) 

[Common Image Types](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Media/Formats/Image_types) 

[Choosing Image Formats.](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Media/Formats/Image_types#choosing_an_image_format)


# What is a real world use case for the alt attribute being used in a website?

###### Alt text is also important when browsers are unable to render a page properly, meaning the web page does not display the images. In place of images the website will return the alt attributes instead, describing what image should be showing.

# How can you improve accessibility of images in an HTML document?

###### Adding effective alternative text, or 'alt text', to your images increases the accessibility of your digital images. By including alt text, you can make sure that your images meet accessibility standards.

# Provide an example of when the figure element would be useful in an HTML document.

###### The figure element represents a unit of content, optionally with a caption, that is self-contained, that is typically referenced as a single unit from the main flow of the document, and that can be moved away from the main flow of the document without affecting the document's meaning.

# Describe the difference between a gif image and an svg image, pretend you are explaining to an elder in your community.

###### GIF, just like other image formats, are not resolution-independent, and will therefore look pixelated when scaled up or viewed on higher resolutions. SVG is scalable and resolution-independent, and will look crisp clear on any screen resolution.

# What image type would you use to display a screenshot on your website and why?

###### Use PNGs on your website and social media because they create a sharper, more defined image on digital and mobile displays. Optimize your PNG files for the web by making your file size as low as possible while maintaining good quality.

# Learn CSS
[Using Color in CSS. Styling HTML Text Elements](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Colors/Applying_color)

[Fundamental text and font styling](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/Styling_text/Fundamentals)

# Describe the difference between foreground and background colors of an HTML element, pretend you are talking to someone with no technical knowledge.

###### foreground may refer to font colors or it is the colors of objects in the screen except the background. Foreground colors(colors which are before background colours) are the colours you see on the screen before the background colours.

# Your friend asks you to give his colorless blog website a touch up. How would you use color to give his blog some character?

###### In general, it's best to keep to a 3 color palette for your website aside from black, grey and white. Any more than this and your site may start to look chaotic. Start by picking 2 colors that go well together, then pick a third color as your accent color (more on this in a bit…)

# What should you consider when choosing fonts for an HTML document?

###### It's evident that it's better for a typeface to be clear and legible, rather than so unreadable. If people have to spend extra time to understand what have written, then they will disregard your design.

# What do font-size, font-weight, and font-style do to HTML text elements?

#### The font-weight CSS property sets the weight (or boldness) of the font. The weights available depend on the font-family that is currently set.

#### The font-style CSS property sets whether a font should be styled with a normal, italic, or oblique face from its font-family.

# Describe two ways you could add spacing around the characters displayed in an h1 element.

###### You can either add margin right to the first h1 tag or you can add margin left to the second h1 tag. The above given HTML code snippet would do the required and if you wish to increase the space more, just change the value provided for margin right in the first h1 tag.