# HTML Links, JS Functions, and Intro to CSS Layout

[Learn HTML](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML)

[Creating Hyperlinks](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/HTML/Introduction_to_HTML/Creating_hyperlinks)

# To create a basic link, we wrap text or other content inside what element?

###### A basic link is created by wrapping the text or other content inside an <a> element and using the href attribute, also known as a Hypertext Reference, or target, that contains the web address

# The href attribute contains what information?

###### The HREF is an attribute of the anchor tag, which is also used to identify sections within a document. The HREF contains two components: the URL, which is the actual link, and the clickable text that appears on the page, called the "anchor text."

# What are some ways we can ensure links on our pages are accessible to all readers?

###### An accessible link text is a text that makes sense without any context. A link text should explain clearly what information the reader will get by clicking on that link.


# CSS Layout

[Normal Flow](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout)

#  CSS Layout: Positioning

[CSS Layout: Positioning](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/CSS/CSS_layout/Positioning)


# What is meant by “normal flow”?

###### Normal Flow, or Flow Layout, is the way that Block and Inline elements are displayed on a page before any changes are made to their layout. The flow is essentially a set of things that are all working together and know about each other in your layout. Once something is taken out of flow it works independently.

# What are a few differences between block-level and inline elements?

###### Difference Between Inline and Block Elements in HTML
Block elements always start from a new line. Inline elements never start from a new line. Block elements cover space from left to right as far as it can go. Inline elements only cover the space as bounded by the tags in the HTML element.

# ___ positioning is the default for every html element.

###### Static positioning is the default that every element gets.

# Name a few advantages to using absolute positioning on an element.

###### Aside from a few IE bugs, very good cross-browser support.
###### Less dependence on floats, which can be problematic.
###### Less dependence on margins, which can be a bit buggy in older IE.

# What is a key difference between fixed positioning and absolute positioning?

###### Absolutely positioned elements are positioned with respect to a containing block, which is the nearest postioned ancestor. If there is no positioned ancestor, the viewport will be the containing block. Elements with fixed positioning are fixed with respect to the viewport—the viewport is always their containing block.


# Learn JS

[Functions – Reusable Blocks of Code](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/JavaScript/Building_blocks/Functions)


# Describe the difference between a function declaration and a function invocation.

###### declaration The term declaration means to declare the creation of variables and functions

* Example 1
* var color;

###### The code above is a declaration of a JavaScript var variable named color. Note: Declaration is not concerned with the storage (initialization) of values. Instead, its job is to declare the creation of variables and functions.

# What is the difference between a parameter and an argument?

###### Note the difference between parameters and arguments: Function parameters are the names listed in the function's definition. Function arguments are the real values passed to the function. Parameters are initialized to the values of the arguments supplied

# Miscellaneous


# [6 Reasons for Pair Programming](https://www.codefellows.org/blog/6-reasons-for-pair-programming/)

###### Pick 2 benefits to pair programming and reflect on how these benefits could help you on your coding journey.

#### Listening: hearing and interpreting the vocabulary
#### Speaking: using the correct words to communicate an idea
#### Reading: understanding what written language intends to convey
#### Writing: producing from scratch a meaningful, well structured solution

Pair programming touches on all four skills: developers explain out loud what the code should do, listen to others’ guidance, read code that others have written, and write code themselves.

During a five-hour paired lab session, Code Fellows students work on all four of these language-specific skills. The abilities they foster will serve them well in completing assignments, in their own communication and learning, in interviews, and in readiness for a job at a company that utilizes this agile practice.

Wow, all that? Let’s take a look!

# Greater efficiency
It is a common misconception that pair programming takes a lot longer and is less efficient. In reality, when two people focus on the same code base, it is easier to catch mistakes in the making. Research indicates that pair programing takes slightly longer, but produces higher-quality code that doesn’t require later effort in troubleshooting and debugging (let alone exposing users to a broken product). So, in the long-run, it’s often actually more efficient than two people working on separate features. When coming up with ideas and discussing solutions out loud, two programmers may come to a solution faster than one programmer on their own. Also, when the pair is stuck, both programmers can research the problem and reach a solution faster. Researches also identified pairing enhances technical skills, team communication, and even enjoyability of coding in the workplace.

# Engaged collaboration
When two programmers focus on the same code, the experience is more engaging and both programmers are more focused than if they were working alone. It is harder to procrastinate or get off track when someone else is relying on you to complete the work. Popping open your Facebook timeline is just that less enticing when someone else is looking at your screen.

Another important aspect of learning to program is knowing when to ask for help. We advise our students to spend no more than fifteen minutes stuck on a problem before asking a teaching assistant or instructor for help. When developers pair program, they rely more on each other and can often find a solution together without needing to ask for additional help. Ultimately, this boosts overall confidence.

# Learning from fellow students
Everyone has a different approach to problem solving; working with a teammate can expose developers to techniques they otherwise would not have thought of. If one developer has a unique approach to a specific problem, pair programming exposes the other developer to a new solution.

Often times, the developers in a pairing have different skill sets. If one programmer is more experienced in a certain skill, they can teach a student who is less familiar with that area. The less experienced developer benefits from the experienced developer’s knowledge and guidance, and the latter benefits from explaining the topic in their own words, further solidifying their own understanding.

# Social skills
Pair programming is great for improving social skills. When working with someone who has a different coding style, communication is key. This can become more difficult when two programmers have different personalities. Pair programming not only improves programming skills, but can also help programmers develop their interpersonal skills. When just grabbing the keyboard and taking over isn’t an option, getting good at finding the right words is a skill unto itself.

This has long-term career impacts. As much as employers want strong programmers, they know it’s essential to hire people who can work well with others.