# CSS Layout


# [Learn CSS - Flexbox](https://web.dev/learn/css/flexbox/)

# Flexbox is designed for one-dimensional content. Explain what this means.
 
 ###### Being one-dimensional, it only deals with layout in a single direction - columns or rows - at a time.

# Explain the difference between the main axis and cross axis.

###### The main axis is defined by the flex-direction property, and the cross axis runs perpendicular to it.

# How can using certain properties of flexbox negatively impact accessibility?
 
 ###### A design pattern that can be tricky in responsive design is a sidebar that sits inline with some content. Where there is viewport space, this pattern works great, but where space is condensed, that rigid layout can become problematic.
 
 # CSS Layout - Flexbox


# What are some advantages of using flexbox over float?

###### For a long time, the only reliable cross-browser compatible tools available for creating CSS layouts were features like floats and positioning. These work, but in some ways they're also limiting and frustrating.

### The following simple layout designs are either difficult or impossible to achieve with such tools in any kind of convenient, flexible way:

### Vertically centering a block of content inside its parent.
### Making all the children of a container take up an equal amount of the available width/height, regardless of how much width/height is available.
### Making all columns in a multiple-column layout adopt the same height even if they contain a different amount of content.
### As you'll see in subsequent sections, flexbox makes a lot of layout tasks much easier. Let's dig in!

# How does this topic connect with your long term goals?

###### It is a great tool to style your HTML code.




# Learn CSS - Layout

# Class

html {
  scroll-behavior: smooth;
  font-family: "Poppins", sans-serif;
}

:root {
  --wht: #f8f8f8;
  --blk: #28282b;
  --dblue: #2b3467;
  --lblue: #bad7e9;
  --crm: #fcffe7;
  --pink: #eb455f;
}

* {
  padding: 0;
  margin: 0;
  box-sizing: border-box;
}

*::before {
  box-sizing: border-box;
}

*::after {
  box-sizing: border-box;
}

body {
  min-width: 320px;
  font-size: 1rem;
  font-weight: 400;
  letter-spacing: 0.01em;
  line-height: 1.6;
  color: var(--blk);
  background-color: var(—wht);
}

/*************
General styling / Elements
**************/

/*************
Images
**************/

img {
  width: 100%;
  display: block;
}

/*************
Buttons / Links / li
**************/

a,
button {
  font-family: inherit;
  text-decoration: none;
}

li {
  list-style: none;
}

/*************
Typography
**************/

.thin {
  font-weight: 300;
}

.bold {
  font-weight: 700;
}

h1 {
  font-size: 3rem;
}

/*************
Layout
**************/

.container {
  width: 90%;
  /* max-width: 1024px; */
  margin: 0 auto;
}

.section-container {
  background-color: #003049;
  height: 1200px;
  border: 5px solid #003049;
  display: flex;
  flex-direction: column;
  flex-wrap: wrap;
  justify-content: flex-end;
  align-items: center;
}

header {
  padding: 2rem 0;
}

.header-container {
  display: flex;
  justify-content: space-between;
  align-items: center;
}

.section-container div {
  width: 200px;
  height: 200px;
}

.section-container div:nth-of-type(3) {
  align-self: flex-end;
}

header nav {
  background-color: var(--pink);
  position: relative;
  top: 10px;
}

header ul {
  display: flex;
}

header ul li {
  margin-left: 2rem;
}

/*************
Media Queries