# The Coders Computer #


###### Resources

[What is The Coders Computer](https://codefellows.github.io/setup-guide/)


Power Tools
Having the right tool can make a “hard” thing suddenly much more achievable. Set yourself up for success by getting the right tools and starting to learn them.

Setup and Documentation
Follow the Computer Setup Guide to prepare your development machine for serious coding.

This requires carefully following instructions, and potentially interpreting esoteric error messages. Practice those detail-oriented skills! Take things slowly, and if things go wrong, don’t hesitate to get help.

Requirements
By the time you’ve completed the guide, you should be able to run the following commands in your terminal and have each report a version number of what’s installed.

code --version
git --version
node --version
npm --version
eslint --version
tree --version
Furthermore, the following commands will show you how you have a few key items configured

echo $PS1
cat ~/.gitconfig
Stretch Goals
Now that you’ve got your spiffy Terminal up and running, go back through the Reading assignment, and follow along with your own version of the commands, on your computer.

Submission Instructions
To verify that all of the above commands are working properly, run this command in your terminal:

curl -s https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codefellows/setup-guide/main/configs/verify.shbash

Copy and paste the results in the ‘Reply’ below. Help review your classmates’ submissions to look for any potential errors.
 
 Reflection and Discussion
Below is a collection of resources of varying types and lengths which describe the topics for the upcoming lecture.

Go through these resources, and create a page in your reading-notes repo that summarizes what you learned as though you were presenting the material to a non-technical friend interested in learning about it.

Reading-notes entry ideas:

Blog Article (2-3 paragraphs with code sample)
Dictionary / Flash Cards
Notes in outline form
Comparison of “basic” text editor vs coding-specific text editor vs IDE.
Read
Choosing a Text Editor
Read Carefully
The following pages will give you a step by step introduction to using a terminal. While it refers to Linux, the same commands are available in macOS and Windows (with WSL). Read through these pages carefully. Don’t worry about trying this out on your own system yet, that will come very soon. For now, take notes on how commands are used, and which look similar to how you are used to using the GUI File Explorer/Finder.

The Command Line
Basic Navigation
About Files
Answer
What are four important features to look for in a text editor?
What do the following commands do?
pwd
ls
cd
mkdir
touch
Can you explain what is happening in the following scenario if these commands and arguments are entered into the command line? (Arguments are extra instructions given to a command.)
cd projects
mkdir new-project
touch new-project/newfile.md
cd ..
ls projects/new-project
Submission Instructions
Share what you’ve learned by copying and pasting the full text of your new rendered web page into the ‘Reply’ below.
Include the live URL of the new page below your pasted text. (Hint: The URL of the page should begin with YOUR GitHub username, not “github.com”)
You are invited to check out your classmates’ replies and give positive feedback and words of encouragement.

## Read 

<a href="">[Read](https://codefellows.github.io/code-102-guide/curriculum/class-02/Choosing-A-Text-Editor--The-Older-Coder.pdf)</a>

<a href="">[Read Carefully](https://ryanstutorials.net/linuxtutorial/commandline.php)</a>

<a href="Basic Navigation">[](https://ryanstutorials.net/linuxtutorial/navigation.php)</a>

<a href="">[More About Files!](https://ryanstutorials.net/linuxtutorial/aboutfiles.php)</a>


### Quiz

1. What are four important features to look for in a text editor?
A. Basic features of a text editor include the ability to cut, paste and copy text, find and replace words or characters, create bulleted lists, line-wrap text, and undo or redo a last command. They're also equipped to open very large files (too big for a computer's main memory to process) and read them at speed.
Answer:
1. pwd 
2. ls 
3. cd 
4. mkdir  
5. touch

3. Can you explain what is happening in the following scenario if these commands and arguments are entered into the command line? (Arguments are extra instructions given to a command.)
Answer:
1.  cd projects
2. mkdir new-project
3. touch new-project/newfile.md
4. cd ..
5. ls projects/new-project