# Lab: 03 - Revisions and the Cloud #

###### Resources

Practice with Git
Try out the workflow from the in-class workshop with another repo.
Setup and Documentation
Clone down your reading-notes repo to your local computer, so you can do all future work in VS Code.
Requirements
Continue to practice writing Markdown!
Review your past reading-notes entries.
Correct any typos
Fix any errors
Bulk up any areas that look thin
Build out your site structure
Create a new directory for your 102 notes with 8 files
Create a new directory for your 201 notes with 15 files
Each topic you’ve written about should have its own page
The home page should contain only:
Your introduction
A description of what this website is about
A Table of Contents
Use Markdown to create a link from the Table of Contents to the topic’s page
Table of Contents should have:
Heading for Code 102 Reading Notes
8 links to current and future 102 Reading notes
Heading for Code 201 Reading Notes
15 links to future 201 Reading notes
Keep a clean git history
After every meaningful change, A-C-P.
Write commit messages that explain WHY you made your changes, not what the changes were.

# What do these git terms mean? #
What is version control? - Version control is a system that saves a file using “snapshots”, keeping track of changes to the file over time
What is cloning in git? - Cloning is the act of pulling a file/files or piece of code from a central repository and creating a copy of it on your machine. Ready to edit.
What is the command to track and stage files? - git add .
What is the command to take a snapshot of your changed files? - git commit -m “message” (-m adds a message to your commit)
What is the command to send your changed files to Github? - git pu
