# Learning Marking 

###### Resources 

[What is Markdown](https://www.markdownguide.org/basic-syntax/)
[Mastering Markdown on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/pt/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/basic-writing-and-formatting-syntax)

Quiz


# What is Markdown?
###### Markdown is a lightweight markup language that describes how text should look on a page. HTML is another example of a markup language. Markdown is a style of writing documents that makes it easy to define what the content should look like. It describes headers, text styles, links, lists and so much more. 
Markdown is used in documentation, articles, and notes and can even be used to build a webpage. If you use GitHub, you'll be familiar with the “readme.md” files that show up in the root of a repository. That “md” stands for markdown. You can even create a readme on your GitHub profile to customize your GitHub profile page. Example of GitHub readme.md file: 

# Why do we use Markdown?

###### Markdown is an easy-to-use markup language that is used with plain text to add formatting elements (headings, bulleted lists, URLs) to plain text without the use of a formal text editor or the use of HTML tags. Markdown is device agnostic and displays the writing format consistently across device types.
 
# What symbol will create a heading in Markdown ?

###### Headings. To create a heading, add number signs ( # ) in front of a word or phrase. The number of number signs you use should correspond to the heading level. For example, to create a heading level three ( <h3> ), use three number signs (e.g., ### My Header ).

# How many do you need to create the largest heading?
###### The heading elements are H1, H2, H3, H4, H5, and H6 with H1 being the highest (or most important) level and H6 the least.

# How many do you need to create the smallest heading?
###### <h1> defines largest heading and <h6> defines smallest heading.

# When making text bold or italicized for emphasis, it is best practice to use which symbol?
###### Bold text, sometimes referred to as emphasized text, should only be used to convey information labels and should always be paired with a colon (:). Bold may also be used to label a topic within a table or chart without a colon as long as no other non-bold words follow the words which are in bold.

# How do you create a link with Markdown?
###### Markdown syntax for a hyperlink is square brackets followed by parentheses. The square brackets hold the text, the parentheses hold the link.

# What are the three symbols you can use to create an unordered (bulleted) list with Markdown?
###### To create an unordered list, add dashes ( - ), asterisks ( * ), or plus signs ( + ) in front of line items. Indent one or more items to create a nested list.